she can do it I can do it so right here
yep oh I'm not sure wanna get in the way
of that
oh he's good
my god I was good it helps when you're
you know just over this stripe right
here this last pinkie should be right
over the middle of the ball so when
you're throwing the ball gonna throw a
spiral you wanna let the ball roll off
your fingers none of me so I've got no
chance of this one this is gonna be fun
yeah you want to keep a more of a
forward lean it's not that good can you
know kick it that way uh-huh you know
kick it that way no so you're kicking it
net yeah but you want to hit the meat of
the ball right here but you want to keep
it pointing this way and then you want
to keep it for land so it's all a
technique really okay I'm gonna give it
one more shot see if I can get this down
there's what something like that and you
definitely can't kick it that way you
can try it you might be I'm gonna try
you can try it once you try it I guess
whatever war last time
sign them up right now with car Trac so
this is the record this is the record
I'm not sure with this wind I'm gonna
make it I think it's a long way away let
me try this way with the wind that's
gonna have to go over the crossbar would
it be about yeah you got shorter pads or
the heaviest thing tohave you those are
so yeah come on over just like that
you do this yourself you got a Do It
Yourself
up here just like that just like that
okay you have to start this a long time
before the guests yeah right a long time
for you now this is a little loose state
they hooked you up so these are my
cleats right here yeah that I design
luck
pull that out when you put it on pull it
over
there you go okay
now ready now after you got all that all
that put on and you play for my running
back take it to some running right
through those that we do when somebody's
coming to hit you so say you're coming
to tackle me yeah you want to cover it
up so he'll you don't fumble the ball if
you fumble it it's their ball make sure
that not a flake of Madrid suppose I'm
not being punked
yes or no whichever side I'm handing the
ball off to you you want to have that
arm arm up so if I'm handing to you yeah
you just make a square and you got to
cover it up size possible weight out of
the way
guys ready ready go harder no harder
line of scrimmage
you're right here yeah at the ball yeah
so you lined up on the ball the
cornerback has did love to be this close
to you ready yeah so Buffalo
let's go that's now school Danny
actually did trick me now let's see
that's gonna work
man-to-man coverage should a result
you're not gonna get better than that
is it yours too but I brought something
for you man I brought you one of my
jerseys thank you yeah thank you my
pleasure
sighs you give me something about
something fears well all right it's the
UH
Thunder you got a shower with your hopes
your name that's a nice I like that you
got it and sign there whore than that
thanks man appreciate it thank you you
sure everything man it's a pleasure
listen go right right over the fireplace
learn a lot I got a newfound respect for
soccer now you guys make it look a
little easier than it really is cuter
you